Create script to generate entry component file and add entry info in list (#6)
reactph/rehackt-challenge-week-one: README.md

    yarn start
    ```

> 1. Run the script below and answer the questions shown. This will generate your entry folder in `/src/entries/[EntryName]` and add your entry in the `/src/entries/index.js` module. All files pertaining to your entry should be placed in your entry folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the script below to generate starter code for your entry and answer the prompts as they appear. A folder `/src/entries/[EntryName]` will be created for you where you must place all the files pertaining to your entry.
```

    ```sh
    node generate-entry.js
    ```

    ![generate-entry.js](https://i.imgur.com/1aONFZx.jpg)

>     > You could also manually do this by following these steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > You may also opt to do this manually by following these steps:
```
